Add Remaining text (2 of 2) (#249)
AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-manuscript: content/07.supplemental.md

![**Related to Figure 4**. (A) Receiver Operating Characteristic for _TP53_ classifier run on FPKM of poly-A RNA-Seq samples. Correlation plots for telomerase scores (EXTEND) with RNA expression of _TERT_ (B) and _TERC_ (C). First two dimensions from UMAP of sample transcriptome data with points colored by `molecular_subtype` for medulloblastoma (D), ependymoma (E), low-grade glioma (F), and high-grade diffuse astrocytic tumors (G). Box plots of quanTIseq estimates of immune cell proportions in histologies with more than one molecular subtypes with N >=3.](images/supplement/Figure-S5.png){#fig:S5 tag="S5" width="7in"}

[**Table S1. Related to Figure 1.**](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis/blob/master/tables/results/TableS1-histologies.xlsx)
Table of specimens and associated metadata, clinical data, and histological data utilized in the OpenPBTA project.

[**Table S2. Related to Figures 2 and 3.**](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis/blob/master/tables/results/TableS2-DNA-results-table.xlsx) 

> Table of TMB, eight CNS mutational signatures, and chromothripsis events per sample.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Excel file with three sheets representing tables of TMB, eight CNS mutational signatures, and chromothripsis events per sample, respectively.
```

Author: I think we should link these somehow in the manuscript - would you prefer elsewhere or was this something you want to link later? I didn't link specific commits for this because they aren't fully merged.
